To install a user dedication plugin which is a report plugin the following steps must be performed.

The steps into install it are

1)First under the drop-down menu of site administration, select 'Install add-ons'.

2)Then we will be redirected to this window where Here we need to select the Plugin type as 'Local'.

3)Then we need to select 'Choose a file'

4)Then we will be redirected to this window here, where we need to browse the zip file needed to be uploaded is selected.

5)After selecting the intended file, select 'Upload this file'.

6)Select 'Install add-on from this window', once the file is uploaded.

7)After selection, we will be redirected to this window where a validation test is run.

8)After this select 'Install add-on' and we will be redirected to this window.

9)By selecting 'Upgrade Moodle database now', this plugin will get installed.

10)After installation we can check the installed plugin here.

We can verify the installation by checking  in site administration--> plugins
 
 The main aim of this plugin is to show the user dedication for a particular course in a given time period by providing the start and end date as observed here'.


It will highlight the time when the user had 'check-in' and 'check-out' for all the courses . This data can also be downloaded as a csv file by selecting 'Export dedication report csv'. 

The plugin will capture only the dedicated time the user spends on Moodle by tracking their mouse and keystroke actions and furnishes a report which can be hand-picked and screened over specific date range.
Furthermore, the report layout will display information from first login to last logout, besides the total time spent in the selected intervals. 
The admin will also have an option to download the report over a CSV file.
Features:

Calculates actual time spent.
Provides user information on the report display 
for instant mailing.Feasibility to select any interval range from calendar.
Showcases First login and Last logout.
Viability to download report.Automatic listing in Navigation Panel for easy consoles.

This is about user dedication report plugin.

